隐私协议

本APP尊重并保护所有使用服务用户的个人隐私权。为了给您提供更准确、更有个性化的服务，本APP会按照本隐私权政策的规定使用和披露您的个人信息。但本APP将以高度的勤勉、审慎义务对待这些信息。除本隐私权政策另有规定外，在未征得您事先许可的情况下，本APP不会将这些信息对外披露或向第三方提供。本APP会不时更新本隐私权政策。
您在同意本APP服务使用协议之时，即视为您已经同意本隐私权政策全部内容。本隐私权政策属于本APP服务使用协议不可分割的一部分。
适用范围
a) 在您注册本APP帐号时，您根据本APP要求提供的个人注册信息；
b) 在您使用本APP网络服务，或访问本APP平台网页时，本APP自动接收并记录的您的浏览器和计算机上的信息，包括但不限于您的IP地址、浏览器的类型、使用的语言、访问日期和时间、软硬件特征信息及您需求的网页记录等数据；
c) 本APP通过合法途径从商业伙伴处取得的用户个人数据。
您了解并同意，以下信息不适用本隐私权政策：
a) 您在使用本APP平台提供的搜索服务时输入的关键字信息；
b) 本APP收集到的您在本APP发布的有关信息数据，包括但不限于参与活动、成交信息及评价详情；
c) 违反法律规定或违反本APP规则行为及本APP已对您采取的措施。
信息使用
a) 本APP不会向任何无关第三方提供、出售、出租、分享或交易您的个人信息，除非事先得到您的许可，或该第三方和本APP（含本APP关联公司）单独或共同为您提供服务，且在该服务结束后，其将被禁止访问包括其以前能够访问的所有这些资料。
b) 本APP亦不允许任何第三方以任何手段收集、编辑、出售或者无偿传播您的个人信息。任何本APP平台用户如从事上述活动，一经发现，本APP有权立即终止与该用户的服务协议。
c) 为服务用户的目的，本APP可能通过使用您的个人信息，向您提供您感兴趣的信息，包括但不限于向您发出产品和服务信息，或者与本APP合作伙伴共享信息以便他们向您发送有关其产品和服务的信息（后者需要您的事先同意）。
信息披露
在如下情况下，本APP将依据您的个人意愿或法律的规定全部或部分的披露您的个人信息：
a) 经您事先同意，向第三方披露；
b) 为提供您所要求的产品和服务，而必须和第三方分享您的个人信息；
c) 根据法律的有关规定，或者行政或司法机构的要求，向第三方或者行政、司法机构披露；
d) 如您出现违反中国有关法律、法规或者本APP服务协议或相关规则的情况，需要向第三方披露；
e) 如您是适格的知识产权投诉人并已提起投诉，应被投诉人要求，向被投诉人披露，以便双方处理可能的权利纠纷；
f) 在本APP平台上创建的某一交易中，如交易任何一方履行或部分履行了交易义务并提出信息披露请求的，本APP有权决定向该用户提供其交易对方的联络方式等必要信息，以促成交易的完成或纠纷的解决。
g) 其它本APP根据法律、法规或者APP政策认为合适的披露。
信息存储和交换
本APP收集的有关您的信息和资料将保存在本APP及（或）其关联公司的服务器上，这些信息和资料可能传送至您所在国家、地区或本APP收集信息和资料所在地的境外并在境外被访问、存储和展示。
Cookie的使用
a) 在您未拒绝接受cookies的情况下，本APP会在您的计算机上设定或取用cookies，以便您能登录或使用依赖于cookies的本APP平台服务或功能。本APP使用cookies可为您提供更加周到的个性化服务，包括推广服务。
b) 您有权选择接受或拒绝接受cookies。您可以通过修改浏览器设置的方式拒绝接受cookies。但如果您选择拒绝接受cookies，则您可能无法登录或使用依赖于cookies的本APP网络服务或功能。
c) 通过本APP所设cookies所取得的有关信息，将适用本政策。
信息安全
a) 本APP帐号均有安全保护功能，请妥善保管您的用户名及密码信息。本APP将通过对用户密码进行加密等安全措施确保您的信息不丢失，不被滥用和变造。尽管有前述安全措施，但同时也请您注意在信息网络上不存在“完善的安全措施”。
b) 在使用本APP网络服务进行网上交易时，您不可避免的要向交易对方或潜在的交易对方披露自己的个人信息，如联络方式或者邮政地址。请您妥善保护自己的个人信息，仅在必要的情形下向他人提供。如您发现自己的个人信息泄密，尤其是本APP用户名及密码发生泄露，请您立即联络本APP客服，以便本APP采取相应措施。

如有任何其他问题，请联系我们：
email: hushd11jff@dex.com


This APP respects and protects the personal privacy of all users of the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this APP will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, this APP will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, this APP will not disclose or provide this information to third parties without your prior permission. This APP will update this privacy policy from time to time.
When you agree to this APP Service Use Agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this Privacy Policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of the APP service use agreement.
Scope of application
a) When you register for this APP account, you provide the personal registration information required by this APP;
b) When you use the APP network service or visit the APP platform web page, the APP automatically receives and records the information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, usage Language, access date and time, software and hardware feature information, and web page records you need and other data;
c) User personal data obtained by this APP from business partners through legal channels.
You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this privacy policy:
a) The keyword information you enter when using the search service provided by this APP platform;
b) The relevant information and data collected by this APP that you publish on this APP, including but not limited to participation in activities, transaction information and evaluation details;
c) Violation of legal provisions or violations of the rules of this APP and the measures this APP has taken against you.
Information usage
a) This APP will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless you obtain your permission in advance, or the third party and this APP (including this APP affiliated companies) individually or jointly You provide services, and after the service ends, they will be prohibited from accessing all such materials including those they were previously able to access.
b) This APP also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or disseminate your personal information for free by any means. If any user of this APP platform engages in the above activities, once discovered, this APP has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with that user.
c) For the purpose of serving users, this APP may use your personal information to provide you with information that you are interested in, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with this APP partners so that they can provide you with information. You send information about its products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).
Information disclosure
Under the following circumstances, this APP will disclose all or part of your personal information based on your personal wishes or legal provisions:
a) Disclose to third parties with your prior consent;
b) In order to provide the products and services you request, your personal information must be shared with third parties;
c) Disclose to third parties or administrative or judicial agencies in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of administrative or judicial agencies;
d) If you violate relevant Chinese laws and regulations or this APP service agreement or related rules, you need to disclose it to a third party;
e) If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, disclose it to the respondent at the request of the respondent so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes;
f) In a transaction created on this APP platform, if any party to the transaction fulfills or partially fulfills its transaction obligations and makes a request for information disclosure, this APP has the right to decide to provide the user with the necessary information such as the contact information of the counterparty. , to facilitate the completion of transactions or the resolution of disputes.
g) Other disclosures that this APP deems appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or APP policies.
information storage and exchange
The information and materials collected by this APP about you will be stored on the servers of this APP and/or its affiliates. These information and materials may be transferred to your country, region or outside the country where this APP collects information and materials and stored in Accessed, stored and displayed overseas.
Use of cookies
a) If you do not refuse to accept cookies, this APP will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use the APP platform services or functions that rely on cookies. This APP uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful and personalized services, including promotional services.
b) You have the right to choose to accept or refuse to accept cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the network services or functions of this APP that rely on cookies.
c) This policy will apply to relevant information obtained through the cookies set by this APP.
information security
a) This APP account has security protection functions. Please keep your username and password information properly. This APP will use security measures such as encrypting user passwords to ensure that your information is not lost, abused or altered. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network.
b) When using this APP network service for online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information properly and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially the user name and password of this APP, please contact the customer service of this APP immediately so that this APP can take corresponding measures.
